---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/web-team-moc/","title":"Web Team","created":"2024-08-19T10:30:31.715-07:00","updated":"2024-09-18T09:39:11.008-07:00"}
---

[[Dashboard\|Dashboard]] | [[Garden Home\|Garden Home]]
## Index
- [[Team Notes\|Team Notes]]
- [[wp-dev.ucsc notes\|wp-dev.ucsc notes]]
- [[2024 Self Eval\|2024 Self Eval]]
- [[2024-2025 Goals\|2024-2025 Goals]]

{ .block-language-dataview}

## Projects
- [[UCSC Theme MOC\|UCSC Theme MOC]]
- [[Plugins MOC\|Plugins MOC]]
- [[Events Calendar MOC\|Events Calendar MOC]]
- [[Patterns MOC\|Patterns MOC]]
- [[News Center Migration MOC\|News Center Migration MOC]]
- [[ITS Service Team MOC\|ITS Service Team MOC]]

## To do

- [ ] Email Brandon Hinks about Foundation site redirect 📅 2024-09-19
- [ ] Update [Truss](https://github.com/ucsc/truss) to v.0.8.2 in Events Calendar 📅 2024-09-18
- [ ] Update [Truss](https://github.com/ucsc/truss) to v.0.8.2 in Events Calendar Docs 📅 2024-09-18
- [ ] GTM [Button click tracking](https://usefathom.com/learn/track-button-clicks-google-analytics) (for Adam)

{ .block-language-dataview}

## Completed Tasks

- [x] Update Giving Site [Chancellor's Associates Page](https://giving.ucsc.edu/ways-to-give/chancellors-associates/) 📅 2024-09-18 ✅ 2024-09-18
- [x] Add `@ucschumanities` Instagram account to Social Media Directory📅 2024-08-23 ✅ 2024-08-23
- [x] make issue for [mark buds page](https://academicpersonnel.wordpress.ucsc.edu/) ✅ 2024-08-06
- [x] Campus VPN->Directory Block ✅ 2024-08-21
- [x] export Localist users from Calendar ✅ 2024-08-08
- [x] import into [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/u/3/a/ucsc.edu/g/events-calendar-group/?pli=1) ✅ 2024-08-08
- [x] draft note in Google Groups ✅ 2024-08-08
- [x] New Plugin: "UCSC News Functionality" ✅ 2024-07-29
- [x] add Plugin reqires: ACF ✅ 2024-07-29
- [x] **Gutenberg Blocks** release SNAFU: Installed. Cache? ✅ 2024-06-25
- [x] **Gutenberg Blocks** discussion. Meeting on Wed with Bryn and Kumar ✅ 2024-06-25
- [x] **Events Calendar** [[Update communication\|Update communication]]: Should be communicated with Paolina Fisher(?) on Events Council. I cannot attend Events Council. ✅ 2024-06-25
- [x] **News Site:** Process for "importing/entering" new taxonomies and terms (Pantheon Multi-Dev?) ✅ 2024-07-29
- [x] **News Site:** Article update, pulls in new versions of old taxonomies. How to deal with it? ✅ 2024-07-29
- [x] [Merge PR25](https://github.com/ucsc/ucsc-custom-functionality/pull/25) #custom-functionality-plugin ⏫ 📅 2024-06-21 ✅ 2024-06-24
- [x] Write up events calendar [[Update communication\|Update communication]]: moving to a new platform. Nothing will change about interactivity, all events will be there. Simply a design update. #events-calendar 📅 2024-06-21 ✅ 2024-06-21
- [x] Obsidian! I'm using Obsidian, trying things out, learning the UI ✅ 2024-06-18
- [x] Pull Requests, [Theme](https://github.com/ucsc/ucsc-2022/pull/342) and [Plugin](https://github.com/ucsc/ucsc-custom-functionality/pull/25) ✅ 2024-06-18
- [x] [Quarry Website](https://quarry.ucsc.edu/) ✅ 2024-06-18

{ .block-language-dataview}
